roboshark first assignment takes him to
a unique corner of the South Pacific
Bikini Atoll this Lagoon is a graveyard
of scuttled warships evidence of an
explosive past
in the late 1940s the United States
tested nuclear bombs here and the area
is still contaminated fishing has been
banned for more than 50 years this has
created a unique shark paradise
it's Romo sharks first test in the field
so will he sink or swim
they're gray reef sharks travel in large
aggressive hordes so how are they react
they're repeated charges and displays of
their pectoral fins show they feel
educated but if they thought this really
was a larger shark that keep their
pistols instead they knows
so these shots are too smart to be
fooled by roboshark
but other fish like this Remora aren't
remoras shadow sharks hoping to Hoover
up their leftovers